Qín Ruò Yǔ
How dare you try to kill someone?
Jiā Háo, listen to my explanation
It wasn’t me
Just wait to rot in prison
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You are now suspected of intentional murder
Please come with us
To undergo investigation
I didn’t do it, I didn’t!
Young Master, you called for me?
It’s been half a month
I haven’t been able to contact Ruò Yǔ
Go find her
At all costs, you must find her
Yes
Isn’t this
The CEO Qín who once dominated Dōng Hǎi?
What’s wrong?
In less than a month
You’ve fallen into such a miserable state
Why are you here?
Shouldn’t you be in the hospital?
Are you okay?
Of course I’m fine
If something happened to me
How could I shine so brightly
And marry Jiā Háo?
Let me tell you the truth
Everything you’re going through now
Was all planned by me and Jiā Háo
Right, Jiā Háo?